Update from code changes: document Enterprise OAuth authentication (#290)
lancedb/docs: docs/enterprise/authentication.mdx

---
title: "Authentication"
sidebarTitle: "Authentication"

> description: "Authenticate to LanceDB Enterprise with an API key or OAuth credentials."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Authentication modes for LanceDB Enterprise with an API key or OAuth credentials."
```
